IPA Font License Agreement v1.0 The Licensor provides the Licensed Program (as defined in Article 1 below) under the terms of this license agreement ("Agreement") Any use, reproduction or distribution of the Licensed Program, or any exercise of rights under this Agreement by a Recipient (as defined in Article 1 below) constitutes the Recipient's acceptance of this Agreement. Article 1 (Definitions) 1 "Digital Font Program" shall mean a computer program containing, or used to render or display fonts. 2 "Licensed Program" shall mean a Digital Font Program licensed by the Licensor under this Agreement. 3 "Derived Program" shall mean a Digital Font Program created as a result of a modification, addition, deletion, replacement or any other adaptation to or of a part or all of the Licensed Program, and includes a case where a Digital Font Program newly created by retrieving font information from a part or all of the Licensed Program or Embedded Fonts from a Digital Document File with or without modification of the retrieved font information. 4 "Digital Content" shall mean products provided to end users in the form of digital data, including video content, motion and/or still pictures, TV programs or other broadcasting content and products consisting of character text, pictures, photographic images, graphic symbols and/or the like. 5 "Digital Document File" shall mean a PDF file or other Digital Content created by various software programs in which a part or all of the Licensed Program becomes embedded or contained in the file for the display of the font ("Embedded Fonts") Embedded Fonts are used only in the display of characters in the particular Digital Document File within which they are embedded, and shall be distinguished from those in any Digital Font Program, which may be used for display of characters outside that particular Digital Document File. 6 "Computer" shall include a server in this Agreement. 7 "Reproduction and Other Exploitation" shall mean reproduction, transfer, distribution, lease, public transmission, presentation, exhibition, adaptation and any other exploitation. 8 "Recipient" shall mean anyone who receives the Licensed Program under this Agreement, including one that receives the Licensed Program from a Recipient. Article 2 (Grant of License) The Licensor grants to the Recipient a license to use the Licensed Program in any and all countries in accordance with each of the provisions set forth in this Agreement However, any and all rights underlying in the Licensed Program shall be held by the Licensor In no sense is this Agreement intended to transfer any right relating to the Licensed Program held by the Licensor except as specifically set forth herein or any right relating to any trademark, trade name, or service mark to the Recipient. 1 The Recipient may install the Licensed Program on any number of Computers and use the same in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Agreement. 2 The Recipient may use the Licensed Program, with or without modification in printed materials or in Digital Content as an expression of character texts or the like. 3 The Recipient may conduct Reproduction and Other Exploitation of the printed materials and Digital Content created in accordance with the preceding Paragraph, for commercial or non-commercial purposes and in any form of media including but not limited to broadcasting, communication and various recording media. 4 If any Recipient extracts Embedded Fonts from a Digital Document File to create a Derived Program, such Derived Program shall be subject to the terms of this agreement. 5 If any Recipient performs Reproduction or Other Exploitation of a Digital Document File in which Embedded Fonts of the Licensed Program are used only for rendering the Digital Content within such Digital Document File then such Recipient shall have no further obligations under this Agreement in relation to such actions. 6 The Recipient may reproduce the Licensed Program as is without modification and transfer such copies, publicly transmit or otherwise redistribute the Licensed Program to a third party for commercial or non-commercial purposes ("Redistribute"), in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 3 Paragraph 2. 7 The Recipient may create, use, reproduce and/or Redistribute a Derived Program under the terms stated above for the Licensed Program: provided, that the Recipient shall follow the provisions set forth in Article 3 Paragraph 1 when Redistributing the Derived Program. Article 3 (Restriction) The license granted in the preceding Article shall be subject to the following restrictions: 1