OpenMap Software License Agreement ---------------------------------- This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which the software known as OpenMap(tm) will be licensed by BBN Technologies ("BBN") to you ("Licensee"), and by which Derivative Works (as hereafter defined) of OpenMap will be licensed by you to BBN. Definitions: "Derivative Work(s)" shall mean any revision, enhancement, modification, translation, abridgement, condensation or expansion created by Licensee or BBN that is based upon the Software or a portion thereof that would be a copyright infringement if prepared without the authorization of the copyright owners of the Software or portion thereof. "OpenMap" shall mean a programmer's toolkit for building map based applications as originally created by BBN, and any Derivative Works thereof as created by either BBN or Licensee, but shall include only those Derivative Works BBN has approved for inclusion into, and BBN has integrated into OpenMap. "Standard Version" shall mean OpenMap, as originally created by BBN. "Software" shall mean OpenMap and the Derivative Works created by Licensee and the collection of files distributed by the Licensee with OpenMap, and the collection of files created through textual modifications. "Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights for the Derivative Works. "Licensee" is you, only if you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. "Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can justify on the basis of media cost, duplication charges, time of people involved. "Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item itself, though there may be fees involved in handling the item. It also means that recipients of the item may redistribute it under the same conditions that they received it. 1 BBN maintains all rights, title and interest in and to OpenMap, including all applicable copyrights, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual rights therein Licensee hereby grants to BBN all right, title and interest into the compilation of OpenMap Licensee shall own all rights, title and interest into the Derivative Works created by Licensee (subject to the compilation ownership by BBN). 2 BBN hereby grants to Licensee a royalty free, worldwide right and license to use, copy, distribute and make Derivative Works of OpenMap, and sublicensing rights of any of the foregoing in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers. 3 Licensee hereby grants to BBN a royalty free, worldwide right and license to use, copy, distribute and make Derivative Works of Derivative Works created by Licensee and sublicensing rights of any of the foregoing. 4