On "Shrinkwrap," "Click-Wrap," "Use-Wrap" and "Copy-Wrap" License Agreements: Arguably, some kinds of software license agreements have more in common with legislation than they do with the bargained-for, negotiated agreements that come to mind when most people think of "contracts." Particularly if a software licensor has sufficient market power to be deemed a monopoly, or if certain proposed expansions of the law of software licensing, masquerading as "codifications," are widely adopted, the ability of a private entity to impose legal prohibitions and duties on virtually everyone else as though the licensor has assumed powers that customarily belong to legislative bodies is both breathtaking and deeply troubling. Of course, we are hardly the first to distribute software under a license agreement that imposes conditions on a take-it-or-leave-it basis. This technique is, as everyone knows, extremely common with proprietary software. And some of the conditions unilaterally imposed by proprietary licensors range from the ridiculous to the obscene. But even certain kinds of "free" and "open-source" software licenses, such as the GPL, depend on the continued viability of legal rules that enable at least some reasonable conditions to be imposed by software licensors on a take-it-or-leave-it basis, with essentially automated methods of acceptance. Courts have been divided as to how far these kinds of licensor-driven automated agreements can go. And we cannot say that we will be unhappy if courts or legislatures ultimately reach a consensus that sharply limits what conditions licensors can impose through such mechanisms. However, while the law is still developing, we think nothing could be more appropriate than to enlist the techniques that institutions of power have used to limit freedom and instead to re-purpose the techniques of "copy-wrap" or "use-wrap" licensing by putting them to use for humanitarian purposes and using them to promote the human rights of end-users. To deny us the use of these techniques, courts and other law-making institutions would be required simultaneously to disarm, to the same degree, proprietary software manufacturers that possess vast market power. And, unlike the conditions imposed by many proprietary vendors, the conditions we impose through this License Agreement are hardly onerous for any end-user (unless, of course, the end-user wants to act maliciously or engage in surveillance).