Terracotta Public License (version 1.0) 1 Definitions 1.1 "Contributor" means each individual or entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. 1.2 "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. 1.3 "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.4 "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. 1.5 "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.6 "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A. 1.7 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.8 "License" means this document. 1.8.1 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. 1.9 "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is: a Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. b Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. c Any new file that is contributed or otherwise made available under the terms of this License. 1.10 "Original Code" means Source Code and Executable form of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License. 1.10.1 "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor. 1.11 "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.12 "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2 Source Code License 2.1 The Initial Developer Grant THE INITIAL DEVELOPER HEREBY GRANTS YOU A WORLD-WIDE, ROYALTY-FREE, NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE, SUBJECT TO THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS: a under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and b under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof). c