Reciprocal Public License, version 1.1 Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Technical Pursuit Inc., All Rights Reserved. PREAMBLE This Preamble is intended to describe, in plain English, the nature, intent, and scope of this License However, this Preamble is not a part of this License The legal effect of this License is dependent only upon the terms of the License and not this Preamble. This License is based on the concept of reciprocity In exchange for being granted certain rights under the terms of this License to Licensor's Software, whose Source Code You have access to, You are required to reciprocate by providing equal access and rights to all third parties to the Source Code of any Modifications, Derivative Works, and Required Components for execution of same (collectively defined as Extensions) that You Deploy by Deploying Your Extensions under the terms of this License In this fashion the available Source Code related to the original Licensed Software is enlarged for the benefit of everyone. Under the terms of this License You may: a Distribute the Licensed Software exactly as You received it under the terms of this License either alone or as a component of an aggregate software distribution containing programs from several different sources without payment of a royalty or other fee. b Use the Licensed Software for any purpose consistent with the rights granted by this License, but the Licensor is not providing You any warranty whatsoever, nor is the Licensor accepting any liability in the event that the Licensed Software doesn't work properly or causes You any injury or damages. c Create Extensions to the Licensed Software consistent with the rights granted by this License, provided that You make the Source Code to any Extensions You Deploy available to all third parties under the terms of this License, document Your Modifications clearly, and title all Extensions distinctly from the Licensed Software. d Charge a fee for warranty or support, or for accepting indemnity or liability obligations for Your customers. Under the terms of this License You may not: a Charge for the Source Code to the Licensed Software, or Your Extensions, other than a nominal fee not to exceed Your cost for reproduction and distribution where such reproduction and distribution involve physical media. b Modify or delete any pre-existing copyright notices, change notices, or License text in the Licensed Software. c Assert any patent claims against the Licensor or Contributors, or which would in any way restrict the ability of any third party to use the Licensed Software or portions thereof in any form under the terms of this License, or Your rights to the Licensed Software under this License automatically terminate. d Represent either expressly or by implication, appearance, or otherwise that You represent Licensor or Contributors in any capacity or that You have any form of legal association by virtue of this License. Under the terms of this License You must: a Document any Modifications You make to the Licensed Software including the nature of the change, the authors of the change, and the date of the change