SGI FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE B (Version 1.0 1/25/2000) 1 Definitions. 1.1 "Additional Notice Provisions" means such additional provisions as appear in the Notice in Original Code under the heading "Additional Notice Provisions." 1.2 "API" means an application programming interface established by SGI in conjunction with the Original Code. 1.3 "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.4 "Hardware" means any physical device that accepts input, processes input, stores the results of processing, and/or provides output. 1.5 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.6 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. 1.7 "License" means this document. 1.8 "Modifications" means any addition to the substance or structure of the Original Code and/or any addition to or deletion from previous Modifications When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is: A Any addition to the contents of a file containing Original Code and/or any addition to or deletion from previous Modifications. B Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. 1.9 "Notice" means any notice in Original Code or Covered Code, as required by and in compliance with this License. 1.10 "Original Code" means source code of computer software code which is described in the source code Notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and updates and error corrections specifically thereto. 1.11 "Recipient" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 8 For legal entities, "Recipient" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Recipient