COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE (CDDL) Version 1.1 1 Definitions. 1.1 "Contributor" means each individual or entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. 1.2 "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Software, prior Modifications used by a Contributor (if any), and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. 1.3 "Covered Software" means (a) the Original Software, or (b) Modifications, or (c) the combination of files containing Original Software with files containing Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.4 "Executable" means the Covered Software in any form other than Source Code. 1.5 "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity that first makes Original Software available under this License. 1.6 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Software or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.7 "License" means this document. 1.8 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. 1.9 "Modifications" means the Source Code and Executable form of any of the following: A Any file that results from an addition to, deletion from or modification of the contents of a file containing Original Software or previous Modifications; B Any new file that contains any part of the Original Software or previous Modification; or C Any new file that is contributed or otherwise made available under the terms of this License. 1.10 "Original Software" means the Source Code and Executable form of computer software code that is originally released under this License. 1.11 "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor. 1.12 "Source Code" means (a) the common form of computer software code in which modifications are made and (b) associated documentation included in or with such code. 1.13 "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2 License Grants. 2.1 The Initial Developer Grant. Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and subject to third party intellectual property claims, the Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license: (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Software (or portions thereof), with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Software, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Software (or portions thereof). (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes or otherwise makes the Original Software available to a third party under the terms of this License. (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is granted: (1) for code that You delete from the Original Software, or (2) for infringements caused by: (i) the modification of the Original Software, or (ii) the combination of the Original Software with other software or devices. 2.2 Contributor Grant. Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license: (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Contributor to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof), either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Software and/or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: (1) Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof); and (2) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination). (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are effective on the date Contributor first distributes or otherwise makes the Modifications available to a third party. (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is granted: (1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version; (2) for infringements caused by: (i) third party modifications of Contributor Version, or (ii) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software (except as part of the Contributor Version) or other devices; or (3) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Software in the absence of Modifications made by that Contributor. 3 Distribution Obligations. 3.1 Availability of Source Code. Any Covered Software that You distribute or otherwise make available in Executable form must also be made available in Source Code form and that Source Code form must be distributed only under the terms of this License You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code form of the Covered Software You distribute or otherwise make available You must inform recipients of any such Covered Software in Executable form as to how they can obtain such Covered Software in Source Code form in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange. 3.2 Modifications. The Modifications that You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License You represent that You believe Your Modifications are Your original creation(s) and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License. 3.3 Required Notices. You must include a notice in each of Your Modifications that identifies You as the Contributor of the Modification You may not remove or alter any copyright, patent or trademark notices contained within the Covered Software, or any notices of licensing or any descriptive text giving attribution to any Contributor or the Initial Developer. 3.4 Application of Additional Terms. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Covered Software in Source Code form that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder