Community Data License Agreement - Permissive - Version 1.0 This is the Community Data License Agreement - Permissive, Version 1.0 ("Agreement") Data is provided to You under this Agreement by each of the Data Providers Your exercise of any of the rights and permissions granted below constitutes Your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The benefits that each Data Provider receives from making Data available and that You receive from Data or otherwise under these terms and conditions shall be deemed sufficient consideration for the formation of this Agreement Accordingly, Data Provider(s) and You (the "Parties") agree as follows: Section 1 Definitions 1.1 "Add" means to supplement Data with Your own or someone else's Data, resulting in Your "Additions." Additions do not include Results. 1.2 "Computational Use" means Your analysis (through the use of computational devices or otherwise) or other interpretation of Data By way of example and not limitation, "Computational Use" includes the application of any computational analytical technique, the purpose of which is the analysis of any Data in digital form to generate information about Data such as patterns, trends, correlations, inferences, insights and attributes. 1.3 "Data" means the information (including copyrightable information, such as images or text), collectively or individually, whether created or gathered by a Data Provider or an Entity acting on its behalf, to which rights are granted under this Agreement. 1.4 "Data Provider" means any Entity (including any employee or contractor of such Entity authorized to Publish Data on behalf of such Entity) that Publishes Data under this Agreement prior to Your Receiving it. 1.5 "Enhanced Data" means the subset of Data that You Publish and that is composed of (a) Your Additions and/or (b) Modifications to Data You have received under this Agreement. 1.6 "Entity" means any natural person or organization that exists under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, together with all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, directly or indirectly, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, (b) the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or securities, (c) the beneficial ownership of such entity or, (d) the ability to appoint, whether by agreement or right, the majority of directors of an Entity. 1.7 "Modify" means to delete, erase, correct or re-arrange Data, resulting in "Modifications." Modifications do not include Results. 1.8 "Publish" means to make all or a subset of Data (including Your Enhanced Data) available in any manner which enables its Use, including by providing a copy on physical media or remote access For any form of Entity, that is to make the Data available to any individual who is not employed by that Entity or engaged as a contractor or agent to perform work on that Entity's behalf