Non-Commercial Government Licence for public sector information You are encouraged to use and re-use the Information that is available under this licence freely and flexibly, with only a few conditions. Using information under this licence Use of copyright and database right material expressly made available under this licence (the 'Information') indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions below. The Licensor grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive licence to use the Information for Non-Commercial purposes only subject to the conditions below. This licence does not affect your freedom under fair dealing or fair use or any other copyright or database right exceptions and limitations. You are free to: copy, publish, distribute and transmit the Information; adapt the Information; exploit the Information for Non-Commercial purposes for example, by combining it with other information in your own product or application. You are not permitted to: exercise any of the rights granted to you by this licence in any manner that is primarily intended for or directed toward commercial advantage or private monetary compensation. You must, where you do any of the above: acknowledge the source of the Information by including any attribution statement specified by the Information Provider(s) and, where possible, provide a link to this licence; If the Information Provider does not provide a specific attribution statement, you must use the following: Contains information licensed under the Non-Commercial Government Licence v2.0. If you are using Information from several Information Providers and listing multiple attributions is not practical in your product or application, you may include a URI or hyperlink to a resource that contains the required attribution statements. ensure that any onward licensing of the Information \xe2\x80\x93 for example when combined with other information \xe2\x80\x93 is for Non-Commercial purposes only. These are important conditions of this licence and if you fail to comply with them or use the Information other than for Non-Commercial purposes the rights granted to you under this licence, or any similar licence granted by the Licensor, will end automatically. Exemptions This licence does not cover the use of: \xe2\x80\xa2 personal data in the Information; \xe2\x80\xa2 Information that has not been accessed by way of publication or disclosure under information access legislation (including the Freedom of Information Acts for the UK and Scotland) by or with the consent of the Information Provider; \xe2\x80\xa2 departmental or public sector organisation logos, crests, military insignia and the Royal Arms except where they form an integral part of a document or dataset; \xe2\x80\xa2 military insignia \xe2\x80\xa2 third party rights the Information Provider is not authorised to license; \xe2\x80\xa2 other intellectual property rights, including patents, trade marks, and design rights; and \xe2\x80\xa2 identity documents such as the British Passport. Non-endorsement This licence does not grant you any right to use the Information in a way that suggests any official status or that the Information Provider and/or Licensor endorse you or your use of the Information. No warranty The Information is licensed 'as is' and the Information Provider excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Information to the maximum extent permitted by law. The Information Provider is not liable for any errors or omissions in the Information and shall not be liable for any loss, injury or damage of any kind caused by its use