CERN Open Hardware Licence Version 2 - Permissive Preamble CERN has developed this licence to promote collaboration among hardware designers and to provide a legal tool which supports the freedom to use, study, modify, share and distribute hardware designs and products based on those designs Version 2 of the CERN Open Hardware Licence comes in three variants: this licence, CERN-OHL-P (permissive); and two reciprocal licences: CERN- OHL-W (weakly reciprocal) and CERN-OHL-S (strongly reciprocal). The CERN-OHL-P is copyright CERN 2020 Anyone is welcome to use it, in unmodified form only. Use of this Licence does not imply any endorsement by CERN of any Licensor or their designs nor does it imply any involvement by CERN in their development. 1 Definitions 1.1 'Licence' means this CERN-OHL-P. 1.2 'Source' means information such as design materials or digital code which can be applied to Make or test a Product or to prepare a Product for use, Conveyance or sale, regardless of its medium or how it is expressed It may include Notices. 1.3 'Covered Source' means Source that is explicitly made available under this Licence. 1.4 'Product' means any device, component, work or physical object, whether in finished or intermediate form, arising from the use, application or processing of Covered Source. 1.5 'Make' means to create or configure something, whether by manufacture, assembly, compiling, loading or applying Covered Source or another Product or otherwise. 1.6 'Notice' means copyright, acknowledgement and trademark notices, references to the location of any Notices, modification notices (subsection 3.3(b)) and all notices that refer to this Licence and to the disclaimer of warranties that are included in the Covered Source. 1.7 'Licensee' or 'You' means any person exercising rights under this Licence. 1.8 'Licensor' means a person who creates Source or modifies Covered Source and subsequently Conveys the resulting Covered Source under the terms and conditions of this Licence A person may be a Licensee and a Licensor at the same time. 1.9 'Convey' means to communicate to the public or distribute. 2 Applicability 2.1 This Licence governs the use, copying, modification, Conveying of Covered Source and Products, and the Making of Products