CeCILL-B FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Notice This Agreement is a Free Software license agreement that is the result of discussions between its authors in order to ensure compliance with the two main principles guiding its drafting: * firstly, compliance with the principles governing the distribution of Free Software: access to source code, broad rights granted to users, * secondly, the election of a governing law, French law, with which it is conformant, both as regards the law of torts and intellectual property law, and the protection that it offers to both authors and holders of the economic rights over software. The authors of the CeCILL-B (for Ce[a] C[nrs] I[nria] L[ogiciel] L[ibre]) license are: Commissariat \xc3 l'Energie Atomique - CEA, a public scientific, technical and industrial research establishment, having its principal place of business at 25 rue Leblanc, immeuble Le Ponant D, 75015 Paris, France. Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique - CNRS, a public scientific and technological establishment, having its principal place of business at 3 rue Michel-Ange, 75794 Paris cedex 16, France. Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique - INRIA, a public scientific and technological establishment, having its principal place of business at Domaine de Voluceau, Rocquencourt, BP 105, 78153 Le Chesnay cedex, France. Preamble This Agreement is an open source software license intended to give users significant freedom to modify and redistribute the software licensed hereunder. The exercising of this freedom is conditional upon a strong obligation of giving credits for everybody that distributes a software incorporating a software ruled by the current license so as all contributions to be properly identified and acknowledged. In consideration of access to the source code and the rights to copy, modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the economic rights, and the successive licensors only have limited liability. In this respect, the risks associated with loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user are brought to the user's attention, given its Free Software status, which may make it complicated to use, with the result that its use is reserved for developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the suitability of the software as regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions of security This Agreement may be freely reproduced and published, provided it is not altered, and that no provisions are either added or removed herefrom. This Agreement may apply to any or all software for which the holder of the economic rights decides to submit the use thereof to its provisions. Article 1 - DEFINITIONS For the purpose of this Agreement, when the following expressions commence with a capital letter, they shall have the following meaning: Agreement: means this license agreement, and its possible subsequent versions and annexes. Software: means the software in its Object Code and/or Source Code form and, where applicable, its documentation, "as is" when the Licensee accepts the Agreement. Initial Software: means the Software in its Source Code and possibly its Object Code form and, where applicable, its documentation, "as is" when it is first distributed under the terms and conditions of the Agreement. Modified Software: means the Software modified by at least one Contribution. Source Code: means all the Software's instructions and program lines to which access is required so as to modify the Software. Object Code: means the binary files originating from the compilation of the Source Code. Holder: means the holder(s) of the economic rights over the Initial Software. Licensee: means the Software user(s) having accepted the Agreement. Contributor: means a Licensee having made at least one Contribution. Licensor: means the Holder, or any other individual or legal entity, who distributes the Software under the Agreement. Contribution: means any or all modifications, corrections, translations, adaptations and/or new functions integrated into the Software by any or all Contributors, as well as any or all Internal Modules. Module: means a set of sources files including their documentation that enables supplementary functions or services in addition to those offered by the Software. External Module: means any or all Modules, not derived from the Software, so that this Module and the Software run in separate address spaces, with one calling the other when they are run. Internal Module: means any or all Module, connected to the Software so that they both execute in the same address space. Parties: mean both the Licensee and the Licensor. These expressions may be used both in singular and plural form. Article 2 - PURPOSE The purpose of the Agreement is the grant by the Licensor to the Licensee of a non-exclusive, transferable and worldwide license for the Software as set forth in Article 5 hereinafter for the whole term of the protection granted by the rights over said Software. Article 3 - ACCEPTANCE 3.1 The Licensee shall be deemed as having accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement upon the occurrence of the first of the following events: * (i) loading the Software by any or all means, notably, by downloading from a remote server, or by loading from a physical medium; * (ii) the first time the Licensee exercises any of the rights granted hereunder. 3.2 One copy of the Agreement, containing a notice relating to the characteristics of the Software, to the limited warranty, and to the fact that its use is restricted to experienced users has been provided to the Licensee prior to its acceptance as set forth in Article 3.1 hereinabove, and the Licensee hereby acknowledges that it has read and understood it. Article 4 - EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM 4.1 EFFECTIVE DATE The Agreement shall become effective on the date when it is accepted by the Licensee as set forth in Article 3.1. 4.2 TERM The Agreement shall remain in force for the entire legal term of protection of the economic rights over the Software. Article 5 - SCOPE OF RIGHTS GRANTED The Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, who accepts, the following rights over the Software for any or all use, and for the term of the Agreement, on the basis of the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter. Besides, if the Licensor owns or comes to own one or more patents protecting all or part of the functions of the Software or of its components, the Licensor undertakes not to enforce the rights granted by these patents against successive Licensees using, exploiting or modifying the Software If these patents are transferred, the Licensor undertakes to have the transferees subscribe to the obligations set forth in this paragraph. 5.1 RIGHT OF USE The Licensee is authorized to use the Software, without any limitation as to its fields of application, with it being hereinafter specified that this comprises: 1 permanent or temporary reproduction of all or part of the Software by any or all means and in any or all form. 2 loading, displaying, running, or storing the Software on any or all medium. 3 entitlement to observe, study or test its operation so as to determine the ideas and principles behind any or all constituent elements of said Software This shall apply when the Licensee carries out any or all loading, displaying, running, transmission or storage operation as regards the Software, that it is entitled to carry out hereunder. 5.2 ENTITLEMENT TO MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS The right to make Contributions includes the right to translate, adapt, arrange, or make any or all modifications to the Software, and the right to reproduce the resulting software. The Licensee is authorized to make any or all Contributions to the Software provided that it includes an explicit notice that it is the author of said Contribution and indicates the date of the creation thereof. 5.3 RIGHT OF DISTRIBUTION In particular, the right of distribution includes the right to publish, transmit and communicate the Software to the general public on any or all medium, and by any or all means, and the right to market, either in consideration of a fee, or free of charge, one or more copies of the Software by any means. The Licensee is further authorized to distribute copies of the modified or unmodified Software to third parties according to the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter. 5.3.1 DISTRIBUTION OF SOFTWARE WITHOUT MODIFICATION The Licensee is authorized to distribute true copies of the Software in Source Code or Object Code form, provided that said distribution complies with all the provisions of the Agreement and is accompanied by: 1 a copy of the Agreement, 2 a notice relating to the limitation of both the Licensor's warranty and liability as set forth in Articles 8 and 9, and that, in the event that only the Object Code of the Software is redistributed, the Licensee allows effective access to the full Source Code of the Software at a minimum during the entire period of its distribution of the Software, it being understood that the additional cost of acquiring the Source Code shall not exceed the cost of transferring the data. 5.3.2 DISTRIBUTION OF MODIFIED SOFTWARE If the Licensee makes any Contribution to the Software, the resulting Modified Software may be distributed under a license agreement other than this Agreement subject to compliance with the provisions of Article 5.3.4. 5.3.3 DISTRIBUTION OF EXTERNAL MODULES When the Licensee has developed an External Module, the terms and conditions of this Agreement do not apply to said External Module, that may be distributed under a separate license agreement. 5.3.4 CREDITS Any Licensee who may distribute a Modified Software hereby expressly agrees to: 1 indicate in the related documentation that it is based on the Software licensed hereunder, and reproduce the intellectual property notice for the Software, 2 ensure that written indications of the Software intended use, intellectual property notice and license hereunder are included in easily accessible format from the Modified Software interface, 3 mention, on a freely accessible website describing the Modified Software, at least throughout the distribution term thereof, that it is based on the Software licensed hereunder, and reproduce the Software intellectual property notice, 4 where it is distributed to a third party that may distribute a Modified Software without having to make its source code available, make its best efforts to ensure that said third party agrees to comply with the obligations set forth in this Article . If the Software, whether or not modified, is distributed with an External Module designed for use in connection with the Software, the Licensee shall submit said External Module to the foregoing obligations. 5.3.5 COMPATIBILITY WITH THE CeCILL AND CeCILL-C LICENSES Where a Modified Software contains a Contribution subject to the CeCILL license, the provisions set forth in Article 5.3.4 shall be optional. A Modified Software may be distributed under the CeCILL-C license