Mibble Software License Agreement Document No: DOC:2007:03 Author: Per Cederberg, sales@percederberg.net Last Updated: 2007-12-05 Software License Agreement IMPORTANT NOTICE -- READ CAREFULLY: This Software License Agreement ("License") for Customer use of Mibble Software is the agreement which governs use of the software of Firma Per Cederberg ("Seller"), including source code and associated printed materials ("Software") By downloading, installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this License If you do not agree to the terms of this License, delete all copies of the Software and contact the place of purchase for a full refund. 1 Definitions Whenever used in this Contract, unless inconsistent with the subject matter or context of their use, the following words and terms shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them as follows: (a) "Seller" means Firma Per Cederberg includes its successors and permitted assigns. (b) "License" or "Agreement" means this nontransferable Software License Agreement including the Terms and Conditions provided herein. (c) "Buyer" or "Customer", means the entity or individual that downloads the Software, and includes its successors and permitted assigns. (d) "Parties", means Seller and Buyer, collectively, and "Party" means any one of them. (e) "Software", means the Mibble software in both object and source code. 2 License Grant Upon Seller's receipt of the full purchase price, Seller grants to Buyer a non-exclusive license to: (a) use or modify the Software in source or object code to create derived works including the Software or any portion or element thereof, (b) process or permit to be processed any data associated with the Software, (c) release, distribute or make available, either generally or to any specific third-party, the Software in source or object code format. Email: sales@percederberg.net Web: http://www.percederberg.net/software 3 License Conditions The grant of the License under section 2 hereof will remain subject to the following terms and conditions, as well as to the other provisions hereof: (a) Buyer acknowledges that the copyright and title to the Software and any trademarks or service marks relating thereto remain with Seller Neither Buyer nor any third party shall have right, title or interest in the Software except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. (b) Buyer may not remove or obscure any copyright or other notices included in the Software source code. (c) The names "Mibble" or "Per Cederberg" may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. (d) The Software is only distributed bundled with or integrated into Buyer programs that add significant functionality to the Software. 4 Delivery & Risk of Loss Copies of the Software will be provided to the Buyer through electronic transfer (by means of HTTP or otherwise) Risk of loss for Software delivered under this License shall pass to Buyer at time of delivery. 5 Early Termination In the event that either party believes that the other materially has breached any obligations under this Agreement, or if Seller believes that Buyer has exceeded the scope of the License, such party shall so notify the breaching party in writing. The breaching party shall have 30 days from the receipt of notice to cure the alleged breach and to notify the non-breaching party in writing that cure has been effected. If the breach is not cured within 30 days, the non-breaching party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement without further notice Upon Termination of this Agreement the Buyer must stop any further distribution of the Software or any modified or derived works within 5 days Any copies of the Software distributed prior to such termination of this Agreement may remain in use according to the terms specifically provided elsewhere in this Agreement. 6