Ricoh Source Code Public License Version 1.0 1 Definitions. 1.1 "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. 1.2 "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. 1.3 "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a website or any other mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. 1.4 "Executable Code" means Governed Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.5 "Governed Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.6 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Governed Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.7 "Licensable" means the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. 1.8 "License" means this document. 1.9 "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications When Governed Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is: (a) Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. (b) Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. 1.10 "Original Code" means the "Platform for Information Applications" Source Code as released under this License by RSV. 1.11 "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by the grantor of a license thereto. 1.12 "RSV" means Ricoh Silicon Valley, Inc., a California corporation with offices at 2882 Sand Hill Road, Suite 115, Menlo Park, CA 94025-7022. 1.13 "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Governed Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of Executable Code, or a list of source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Governed Code of the Contributor's choice The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.14 "You" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2 Source Code License. 2.1 Grant from RSV RSV hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: (a) to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof). 2.2 Contributor Grant Each Contributor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: (a) to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Governed Code or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: (i) Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof); and (ii) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination). 3 Distribution Obligations. 3.1