FREE SOFTWARE LICENSING AGREEMENT CeCILL Notice This Agreement is a free software license that is the result of discussions between its authors in order to ensure compliance with the two main principles guiding its drafting: - firstly, its conformity with French law, both as regards the law of torts and intellectual property law, and the protection that it offers to authors and the holders of economic rights over software. - secondly, compliance with the principles for the distribution of free software: access to source codes, extended user-rights. The following bodies are the authors of this license CeCILL (Ce : CEA, C : CNRS, I : INRIA, LL : Logiciel Libre): Commissariat \xc3 l'Energie Atomique - CEA, a public scientific, technical and industrial establishment, having its principal place of business at 31-33 rue de la F\xc3\xa9d\xc3\xa9ration, 75752 PARIS cedex 15, France. Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique - CNRS, a public scientific and technological establishment, having its principal place of business at 3 rue Michel-Ange 75794 Paris cedex 16, France. Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique - INRIA, a public scientific and technological establishment, having its principal place of business at Domaine de Voluceau, Rocquencourt, BP 105, 78153 Le Chesnay cedex. PREAMBLE The purpose of this Free Software Licensing Agreement is to grant users the right to modify and redistribute the software governed by this license within the framework of an "open source" distribution model. The exercising of these rights is conditional upon certain obligations for users so as to ensure that this status is retained for subsequent redistribution operations. As a counterpart to the access to the source code and rights to copy, modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the economic rights, and the successive licensors only have limited liability. In this respect, it is brought to the user's attention that the risks associated with loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user given its nature of Free Software, that may mean that it is complicated to manipulate, and that also therefore means that it is reserved for developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the Software's suitability as regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions of security This Agreement may be freely reproduced and published, provided it is not altered, and that no Articles are either added or removed herefrom. This Agreement may apply to any or all software for which the holder of the economic rights decides to submit the operation thereof to its provisions. Article 1 - DEFINITIONS For the purposes of this Agreement, when the following expressions commence with a capital letter, they shall have the following meaning: Agreement: means this Licensing Agreement, and any or all of its subsequent versions. Software: means the software in its Object Code and/or Source Code form and, where applicable, its documentation, "as is" at the time when the Licensee accepts the Agreement. Initial Software: means the Software in its Source Code and/or Object Code form and, where applicable, its documentation, "as is" at the time when it is distributed for the first time under the terms and conditions of the Agreement. Modified Software: means the Software modified by at least one Contribution. Source Code: means all the Software's instructions and program lines to which access is required so as to modify the Software. Object Code: means the binary files originating from the compilation of the Source Code. Holder: means the holder of the economic rights over the Initial Software. Licensee(s): mean(s) the Software user(s) having accepted the Agreement. Contributor: means a Licensee having made at least one Contribution. Licensor: means the Holder, or any or all other individual or legal entity, that distributes the Software under the Agreement. Contributions: mean any or all modifications, corrections, translations, adaptations and/or new functionalities integrated into the Software by any or all Contributor, and the Static Modules. Module: means a set of sources files including their documentation that, once compiled in executable form, enables supplementary functionalities or services to be developed in addition to those offered by the Software. Dynamic Module: means any or all module, created by the Contributor, that is independent of the Software, so that this module and the Software are in two different executable forms that are run in separate address spaces, with one calling the other when they are run. Static Module: means any or all module, created by the Contributor and connected to the Software by a static link that makes their object codes interdependent This module and the Software to which it is connected, are combined in a single executable. Parties: mean both the Licensee and the Licensor. These expressions may be used both in singular and plural form. Article 2 - PURPOSE The purpose of the Agreement is to enable the Licensor to grant the Licensee a free, non-exclusive, transferable and worldwide License for the Software as set forth in Article 5 hereinafter for the whole term of protection of the rights over said Software. Article 3 - ACCEPTANCE 3.1 The Licensee shall be deemed as having accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement by the occurrence of the first of the following events: (i) loading the Software by any or all means, notably, by downloading from a remote server, or by loading from a physical medium; (ii) the first time the Licensee exercises any of the rights granted hereunder. 3.2 One copy of the Agreement, containing a notice relating to the specific nature of the Software, to the limited warranty, and to the limitation to use by experienced users has been provided to the Licensee prior to its acceptance as set forth in Article 3.1 hereinabove, and the Licensee hereby acknowledges that it is aware thereof. Article 4 - EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM 4.1 EFFECTIVE DATE The Agreement shall become effective on the date when it is accepted by the Licensee as set forth in Article 3.1. 4.2 TERM The Agreement shall remain in force during the whole legal term of protection of the economic rights over the Software. Article 5 - SCOPE OF THE RIGHTS GRANTED --------------------------------------- The Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, that accepts such, the following rights as regards the Software for any or all use, and for the term of the Agreement, on the basis of the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter. Otherwise, the Licensor grants to the Licensee free of charge exploitation rights on the patents he holds on whole or part of the inventions implemented in the Software. 5.1 RIGHTS OF USE The Licensee is authorized to use the Software, unrestrictedly, as regards the fields of application, with it being hereinafter specified that this relates to: 1 permanent or temporary reproduction of all or part of the Software by any or all means and in any or all form. 2 loading, displaying, running, or storing the Software on any or all medium. 3 entitlement to observe, study or test the operation thereof so as to establish the ideas and principles that form the basis for any or all constituent elements of said Software