ARPHIC PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) 1999 Arphic Technology Co., Ltd. 11Fl No.168, Yung Chi Rd., Taipei, 110 Taiwan All rights reserved except as specified below. Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is forbidden. Preamble The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it By contrast, the ARPHIC PUBLIC LICENSE specifically permits and encourages you to use this software, provided that you give the recipients all the rights that we gave you and make sure they can get the modifications of this software. Legal Terms 0 Definitions: Throughout this License, "Font" means the TrueType fonts "AR PL Mingti2L Big5", "AR PL KaitiM Big5" (BIG-5 character set) and "AR PL SungtiL GB", "AR PL KaitiM GB" (GB character set) which are originally distributed by Arphic, and the derivatives of those fonts created through any modification including modifying glyph, reordering glyph, converting format, changing font name, or adding/deleting some characters in/from glyph table. "PL" means "Public License". "Copyright Holder" means whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights for the Font. "You" means the licensee, or person copying, redistributing or modifying the Font. "Freely Available" means that you have the freedom to copy or modify the Font as well as redistribute copies of the Font under the same conditions you received, not price If you wish, you can charge for this service. 1 Copying & Distribution You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of this Font in any medium, without restriction, provided that you retain this license file (ARPHICPL.TXT) unaltered in all copies. 2 Modification You may otherwise modify your copy of this Font in any way, including modifying glyph, reordering glyph, converting format, changing font name, or adding/deleting some characters in/from glyph table, and copy and distribute such modifications under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that the following conditions are met: a) You must insert a prominent notice in each modified file stating how and when you changed that file. b) You must make such modifications Freely Available as a whole to all third parties under the terms of this License, such as by offering access to copy the modifications from a designated place, or distributing the modifications on a medium customarily used for software interchange. c) If the modified fonts normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the Font under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Font, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works Therefore, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Font with the Font on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License. 3 Condition Subsequent You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Font except as expressly provided under this License Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Font will automatically retroactively void your rights under this License However, parties who have received copies or rights from you under this License will keep their licenses valid so long as such parties remain in full compliance. 4 Acceptance You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it However, nothing else grants you permission to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Font These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License Therefore, by copying, modifying, sublicensing or distributing the Font, you indicate your acceptance of this License and all its terms and conditions. 5 Automatic Receipt Each time you redistribute the Font, the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Font subject to these terms and conditions You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License