Amicable Resolution. Before resorting to the other alternatives below, we strongly encourage you to first contact us directly to seek an amicable resolution through dialog. Alternative Dispute Resolution. Alternatively, SpikeSource will consider reasonable requests to resolve the dispute through alternative dispute resolution procedures, such as mediation, as an alternative to litigation. Binding Arbitration. For any Claim (excluding Claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, you or SpikeSource may elect to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person appearance is required. If in-person appearance is required, it shall be held in Santa Clara County, California, or another location mutually agreed upon by the parties. In all such cases, the arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association or JAMS in accordance with their applicable rules, or any other established ADR provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Court. Alternatively, any Claim may be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Santa Clara County, California, or where the defendant is located (in our case Fremont, California, and in your case your home address or principal place of business). You and SpikeSource agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California. All Claims (excluding requests for injunctive or equitable relief) between the parties must be resolved using the dispute resolution mechanism that is selected in accordance with this Section by the first party to file a Claim. Should either party file an action contrary to this Section 21, the other party may recover attorneys' fees and costs up to $1000, provided that the party seeking the award has notified the other party in writing of the improperly filed Claim, and the other party has failed to withdraw the Claim.