Sun Industry Standards Source License - Version 1.1 1.0 DEFINITIONS 1.1 "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the Original Code available to a third party. 1.2 "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. 1.3 "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. 1.4 "Executable" means Original Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.5 "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A. 1.6 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Original Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.7 "License" means this document. 1.8 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. 1.9 "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications A Modification is: A Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. 1.10 "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code. 1.11 "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor. 1.12 "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Original Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, or scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable. 1.13 "Standards" means the standards identified in Exhibit B. 1.14 "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 For legal entities, "You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You For purposes of this definition, "control'' means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2.0 SOURCE CODE LICENSE 2.1 The Initial Developer Grant The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof). (c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes Original Code under the terms of this License. (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2) separate from the Original Code; or 3) for infringements caused by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the combination of the Original Code with other software or devices, including but not limited to Modifications. 3.0 DISTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS 3.1 Application of License The Source Code version of Original Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder