Unicode Terms of Use For the general privacy policy governing access to this site, see the Unicode Privacy Policy For trademark usage, see the Unicode Consortium\xc2\xae Trademarks and Logo Policy. Notice to End User: Terms of Use Carefully read the following legal agreement ("Agreement") Use or copying of the software and/or codes provided with this agreement (The "Software") constitutes your acceptance of these terms If you have any questions about these terms of use, please contact the Unicode Consortium. Unicode Copyright. Copyright \xc2\xa9 1991-2010 Unicode, Inc All rights reserved. Certain documents and files on this website contain a legend indicating that "Modification is permitted." Any person is hereby authorized, without fee, to modify such documents and files to create derivative works conforming to the Unicode\xc2\xae Standard, subject to Terms and Conditions herein. Any person is hereby authorized, without fee, to view, use, reproduce, and distribute all documents and files solely for informational purposes in the creation of products supporting the Unicode Standard, subject to the Terms and Conditions herein. Further specifications of rights and restrictions pertaining to the use of the particular set of data files known as the "Unicode Character Database" can be found in Exhibit 1. Each version of the Unicode Standard has further specifications of rights and restrictions of use For the book editions (Unicode 5.0 and earlier), these are found on the back of the title page The online code charts carry specific restrictions All other files are covered under these general Terms of Use To request a permission to reproduce any part of the Unicode Standard, please contact the Unicode Consortium. No license is granted to "mirror" the Unicode website where a fee is charged for access to the "mirror" site. Modification is not permitted with respect to this document All copies of this document must be verbatim. Restricted Rights Legend Any technical data or software which is licensed to the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities under this Agreement is commercial technical data or commercial computer software developed exclusively at private expense as defined in FAR 2.101, or DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995), as applicable For technical data, use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in DFARS 202.227-7015 Technical Data, Commercial and Items (Nov 1995) and this Agreement For Software, in accordance with FAR 12-212 or DFARS 227-7202, as applicable, use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement. Warranties and Disclaimers. This publication and/or website may include technical or typographical errors or other inaccuracies