1 Definitions Access control mechanism: a technological measure which, in the ordinary course of its operation, requires the application of information, or a process or a treatment, with the authority of the copyright owner or related rights owner, to gain access to the work. Acts authorised by licensor: acts concerning granted rights (in particular, act of access, act of copy, act of modification, act of sharing). Acts not authorised by licensor: acts concerning copyright or possible moral rights. Author/s: the creator/s of an original work or the creator/s of a derivative work. Broadcasting: the use of any means of distribution over a distance, such as telegraph, telephone, radio, television and other comparable media, including communication to the public by satellite and cable retransmission. Copy control mechanism: a technological measure which, in the ordinary course of its operation, prevents, restricts, or otherwise limits the exercise of a right of the copyright owner or related rights owner. Derivative work: a work based upon the copyrightable work released under the terms and the conditions of this license. Distribution: the marketing, the placing in circulation or the making available to the public, by whatever means and for whatever purpose, of a work or of copies thereof. Elaboration: all forms of modification, adaptation and transformation of a work. Lending: the making available for use of originals, of copies or of carriers of copyright works, for a limited period of time and for purposes other than those referred to in the paragraph 16. Licensee: the person acquiring rights under the terms and the conditions of this license. Licensor: the person offering the work under the terms and the conditions of this license. Moral rights: the author's right, recognized in some countries, to claim authorship of the work and to object to any distortion, mutilation or other modification of, or other derogatory action in relation to, the said work, which would be prejudicial to his honor or reputation; other author's rights recognized as moral rights in some countries. Original work: a work not based upon another work. Related rights: the rights that belong to the performers, the producers of phonograms and broadcasting organizations in relation to their performances, phonograms and broadcasts respectively. Rental: the making available for use of originals, of copies or of carriers of copyright works, for a limited period of time and for direct or indirect economic or commercial advantage. Reproduction: the multiplication of copies of a work by any means, such as copying by hand, printing, lithography, engraving, photography, phonography, cinematography and any other process of reproduction. Transcription: the use of means suitable for transforming an oral work into a written work or into a work reproduced by one of the methods referred to in the preceding paragraph. Translation: the translation of the work into another language or dialect. Work: the copyrightable work released under the terms and the conditions of this license. 2 License's area of applicability This license concerns copyright and related rights: this license does not treat any other right. Nothing in this license is intended to prevent or restrict the exercise of rights not treated in this license, such as rights concerning privacy, private property, sale and other personal or private rights. Nothing in this license is intended to prevent or restrict the private use of any lawful technological measure. Nothing in this license is intended to prevent or restrict any limitation on the exclusive rights of the copyright owner or related rights owner under copyright law or other applicable law. This license is applicable to the works of the mind having a creative character and belonging to literature, music, figurative arts, architecture, theater or cinematography, whatever their mode or form of expression. 3 Object In particular, this license is applicable to: a