CompuServe's Offical Gif License Agreement AGREEMENT FOR USE OF GRAPHICS INTERCHANGE FORMAT(SM) This Agreement is entered into as of the effective date set forth below between CompuServe Incorporated, an Ohio corporation ("CompuServe"), and the other undersigned party to this Agreement ("Developer"). Section 1 Grant of Rights. 1.1 Effective upon Developer's payment of the initial license fee described in Section 2, CompuServe hereby grants to Developer a non-exclusive, worldwide: (a) license to use and exploit GIF(SM) to make, have made, use and sell Products solely within the Field of Use; and (b) sublicense to use and exploit the Licensed Patent to make, have made, use and sell Products solely within the Field of Use. 1.2 CompuServe will provide Developer with a single copy of the most recent specification for GIF(SM) and any updates to such specification that are released by CompuServe during the term of this Agreement Once an updated version of the GIF(SM) specification has been released by CompuServe, Developer should incorporate the updates contained in the new specification into its Products as part of Developer's ordinary release cycle. 1.3 Developer understands that CompuServe and Unysis Corporation are the owners of all patents, copyrights, service marks and other intellectual property embodied in the Licensed Technology In connection with its use of the Licensed Technology, Developer shall take all steps reasonably required by CompuServe and/or Unysis Corporation to acknowledge and protect their respective ownership interests in the patents, copyrights, service marks and other intellectual property interests embodied in the Licensed Technology Developer further agrees not to take any action that would impair the respective interests of CompuServe and/or Unysis Corporation in the Licensed Technology. 1.4 Developer may not use, copy, modify or distribute the GIF(SM) specification, except as expressly permitted by CompuServe Developer may make three copies of the GIF(SM) specification for back-up purposes only, provided CompuServe's service mark, copyright and other notices and legends are included in such copy Developer shall not alter or delete any of the notices or legends contained in the GIFSM specification and any updates thereto Developer agrees to provide the following notice on Products or in any Product documentation: "LZW compression and decompression methods are licensed under Unysis Corporation's U.S Patent 4,558,302 and equivalent foreign patents Additional technology embodied in GIF(SM) is licensed from CompuServe Incorporated Graphics Interchange Format and GIF are service marks of CompuServe Incorporated." 1.5 Developer shall not grant any customer the right to use a Product until such customer has been registered by Developer as a user of the Product and customer's rights to use such Product are governed by an agreement with Developer providing that (a) the customer's use of such Product will be primarily for accessing the CompuServe Information Service and for manipulating and viewing data received through the CompuServe Information Service, and (b) the customer will not alter, enhance or redistribute any Product. 1.6 This Agreement does not provide Developer with title to or ownership of the Licensed Technology or any service mark of CompuServe, but only the license granted herein Developer may only grant its customers a limited right to use Products. Section 2 License Fees. 2.1 In payment for the licenses granted herein, Developer shall pay CompuServe a one-time initial license fee of $ 1.00 which is due in full upon the execution of this Agreement and a fee per Disposition equal to the greater of (a) 1.5 percent of the selling price per Disposition or (b) $.15 per Disposition Unless otherwise provided herein, all license fees and other amounts payable hereunder by Developer shall be paid to CompuServe in U.S Dollars within ten (10) days after the end of each quarter Quarterly periods may be defined at CompuServe's discretion. 2.2 Developer is solely responsible for payment of any taxes resulting from Developer's use of the Licensed Technology, except for taxes based on the income of CompuServe or Unysis Corporation Developer agrees to hold CompuServe harmless from all claims and liability arising from Developer's failure to report or pay such taxes This paragraph shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Section 3 New Products. Developer shall have the right to add additional Products solely within the Field of Use by providing notice to CompuServe of the existence of each new Product at the time such new Product is first offered to Developer's customers. Section 4 Reports. Developer shall keep adequate records to accurately determine the payments due under this Agreement Each payment hereunder shall be made and accompanied by a report in such manner and form as requested by CompuServe setting forth the number of Dispositions of each Product occurring hereunder and any other information reasonably necessary to calculate payments due hereunder Developer shall not enter into any arrangement under which copies of Products will be prepared or the Licensed Technology used, unless Developer has taken steps to ensure that it can account for and pay the royalties required hereunder. Section 5 Audits. CompuServe shall have the right, no more than once during any calendar year, to have an independent certified public accountant inspect the relevant records of Developer on seven business days notice and during regular business hours to verify the reports and payments required to be made hereunder Should an underpayment in excess of 10 percent be discovered, Developer shall pay the cost of the audit In any event, Developer shall promptly pay any underpayment together with interest at the annual rate of 12 percent. Section 6 Assignment. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein may not be assigned by Developer without the prior written consent of CompuServe. Section 7 License Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the effective date of this Agreement and shall expire at midnight (EST) on the first anniversary of such date This Agreement shall automatically renew for additional consecutive one year periods, unless either party delivers a written notice of termination to the other party not later than 30 days before the expiration of the then current term. Section 8 Termination for Cause. This Agreement may be terminated by CompuServe: (a) upon 30 days prior written notice, if Developer is in breach of any of its material obligations hereunder and the breach is not remedied within such 30 day period; or (b) upon reasonable written notice, if the Licensed Patent expires or is found invalid or unenforceable in any proceeding before the U.S Patent and Trademark Office or in a U.S court of law, after all appropriate appeals have been finally decided Promptly following any termination of this Agreement, Developer shall (i) return all copies of the GIF(SM) specification and any confidential information of CompuServe then in its possession or control to CompuServe, (ii) stop using the Licensed Technology, and (iii) stop distributing Products. Section 9 Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal delivery, registered mail return receipt requested, a "Next Day Air" delivery service or by customary electronic means, addressed as indicated on the signature page of this Agreement. Section 10 Miscellaneous. 10.1