Nokia Open Source License (NOKOS License) Version 1.0a 1 DEFINITIONS. "Affiliates" of a party shall mean an entity a) which is directly or indirectly controlling such party; b) which is under the same direct or indirect ownership or control as such party; or c) which is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party. For these purposes, an entity shall be treated as being controlled by another if that other entity has fifty percent (50%) or more of the votes in such entity, is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body. "Commercial Use" shall mean distribution or otherwise making the Covered Software available to a third party. "Contributor" shall mean each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. "Contributor Version" shall mean in case of any Contributor the combination of the Original Software, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor and in case of Nokia in addition the Original Software in any form, including the form as Exceutable. "Covered Software" shall mean the Original Software or Modifications or the combination of the Original Software and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" shall mean a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. "Executable" shall mean Covered Software in any form other than Source Code. "Nokia" shall mean Nokia Corporation and its Affiliates. "Larger Work" shall mean a work, which combines Covered Software or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. "License" shall mean this document. "Licensable" shall mean having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. "Modifications" shall mean any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Software or any previous Modifications When Covered Software is released as a series of files, a Modification is: a) Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Software or previous Modifications. b) Any new file that contains any part of the Original Software or previous Modifications. "Original Software" shall mean the Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Software, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Software governed by this License. "Patent Claims" shall mean any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor. "Source Code" shall mean the preferred form of the Covered Software for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Software or another well known, available Covered Software of the Contributor's choice The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 For legal entities, "You" includes Affiliates of such entity 2