MOTOSOTO OPEN SOURCE LICENSE - Version 0.9.1 This Motosoto Open Source License (the "License") applies to "Community Portal Server" and related software products as well as any updatesor maintenance releases of that software ("Motosoto Products") that are distributed by Motosoto.Com B.V ("Licensor") Any Motosoto Product licensed pursuant to this License is a "Licensed Product." Licensed Product, in its entirety, is protected by Dutch copyright law This License identifies the terms under which you may use, copy, distribute or modify Licensed Product and has been submitted to the Open Software Initiative (OSI) for approval. Preamble This Preamble is intended to describe, in plain English, the nature and scope of this License However, this Preamble is not a part of this license The legal effect of this License is dependent only upon the terms of the License and not this Preamble This License complies with the Open Source Definition and has been approved by Open Source Initiative Software distributed under this License may be marked as "OSI Certified Open Source Software." This License provides that: 1 You may use, sell or give away the Licensed Product, alone or as a component of an aggregate software distribution containing programs from several different sources No royalty or other fee is required. 2 Both Source Code and executable versions of the Licensed Product, including Modifications made by previous Contributors, are available for your use (The terms "Licensed Product," "Modifications," "Contributors" and "Source Code" are defined in the License.) 3 You are allowed to make Modifications to the Licensed Product, and you can create Derivative Works from it (The term "Derivative Works" is defined in the License.) 4 By accepting the Licensed Product under the provisions of this License, you agree that any Modifications you make to the Licensed Product and then distribute are governed by the provisions of this License In particular, you must make the Source Code of your Modifications available to others. 5 You may use the Licensed Product for any purpose, but the Licensor is not providing you any warranty whatsoever, nor is the Licensor accepting any liability in the event that the Licensed Product doesn't work properly or causes you any injury or damages. 6 If you sublicense the Licensed Product or Derivative Works, you may charge fees for warranty or support, or for accepting indemnity or liability obligations to your customers You cannot charge for the Source Code. 7 If you assert any patent claims against the Licensor relating to the Licensed Product, or if you breach any terms of the License, your rights to the Licensed Product under this License automatically terminate. You may use this License to distribute your own Derivative Works, in which case the provisions of this License will apply to your Derivative Works just as they do to the original Licensed Product. Alternatively, you may distribute your Derivative Works under any other OSI-approved Open Source license, or under a proprietary license of your choice If you use any license other than this License, however, you must continue to fulfill the requirements of this License (including the provisions relating to publishing the Source Code) for those portions of your Derivative Works that consist of the Licensed Product, including the files containing Modifications. New versions of this License may be published from time to time You may choose to continue to use the license terms in this version of the License or those from the new version However, only the Licensor has the right to change the License terms as they apply to the Licensed Product This License relies on precise definitions for certain terms Those terms are defined when they are first used, and the definitions are repeated for your convenience in a Glossary at the end of the License. License Terms 1 Grant of License From Licensor. Licensor hereby grants you a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims, to do the following: a Use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute Licensed Product or portions thereof (including Modifications as hereinafter defined), in both Source Code or as an executable program "Source Code" means the preferred form for making modifications to the Licensed Product, including all modules contained therein, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an executable program, or a list of differential comparisons against the Source Code of the Licensed Product. b Create Derivative Works (as that term is defined under Dutch copyright law) of Licensed Product by adding to or deleting from the substance or structure of said Licensed Product. c Under claims of patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Licensor, to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of Licensed Product or portions thereof, but solely to the extent that any such claim is necessary to enable you to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of Licensed Product or portions thereof or Derivative Works thereof. 2