The Code Project Open License (CPOL) 1.02 Preamble This License governs Your use of the Work This License is intended to allow developers to use the Source Code and Executable Files provided as part of the Work in any application in any form. The main points subject to the terms of the License are: - Source Code and Executable Files can be used in commercial applications; - Source Code and Executable Files can be redistributed; and - Source Code can be modified to create derivative works. - No claim of suitability, guarantee, or any warranty whatsoever is provided The software is provided "as-is". - The Article accompanying the Work may not be distributed or republished without the Author's consent This License is entered between You, the individual or other entity reading or otherwise making use of the Work licensed pursuant to this License and the individual or other entity which offers the Work under the terms of this License ("Author"). License THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CODE PROJECT OPEN LICENSE ("LICENSE") THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED. BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE THE AUTHOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HEREIN IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ACCEPT AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU CANNOT MAKE ANY USE OF THE WORK. 1 Definitions. a "Articles" means, collectively, all articles written by Author which describes how the Source Code and Executable Files for the Work may be used by a user. b "Author" means the individual or entity that offers the Work under the terms of this License. c "Derivative Work" means a work based upon the Work or upon the Work and other pre-existing works. d "Executable Files" refer to the executables, binary files, configuration and any required data files included in the Work. e "Publisher" means the provider of the website, magazine, CD-ROM, DVD or other medium from or by which the Work is obtained by You. f "Source Code" refers to the collection of source code and configuration files used to create the Executable Files. g "Standard Version" refers to such a Work if it has not been modified, or has been modified in accordance with the consent of the Author, such consent being in the full discretion of the Author. h "Work" refers to the collection of files distributed by the Publisher, including the Source Code, Executable Files, binaries, data files, documentation, whitepapers and the Articles. i "You" is you, an individual or entity wishing to use the Work and exercise your rights under this License. 2 Fair Use/Fair Use Rights Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any rights arising from fair use, fair dealing, first sale or other limitations on the exclusive rights of the copyright owner under copyright law or other applicable laws. 3 License Grant Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Author hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below: a You may use the standard version of the Source Code or Executable Files in Your own applications. b You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications obtained from the Public Domain or from the Author A Work modified in such a way shall still be considered the standard version and will be subject to this License. c You may otherwise modify Your copy of this Work (excluding the Articles) in any way to create a Derivative Work, provided that You insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating how, when and where You changed that file. d You may distribute the standard version of the Executable Files and Source Code or Derivative Work in aggregate with other (possibly commercial) programs as part of a larger (possibly commercial) software distribution. e The Articles discussing the Work published in any form by the author may not be distributed or republished without the Author's consent The author retains copyright to any such Articles You may use the Executable Files and Source Code pursuant to this License but you may not repost or republish or otherwise distribute or make available the Articles, without the prior written consent of the Author. Any subroutines or modules supplied by You and linked into the Source Code or Executable Files of this Work shall not be considered part of this Work and will not be subject to the terms of this License. 4 Patent License Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Author hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, import, and otherwise transfer the Work. 5 Restrictions The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions: a You agree not to remove any of the original copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices and associated disclaimers that may appear in the Source Code or Executable Files. b You agree not to advertise or in any way imply that this Work is a product of Your own. c The name of the Author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from the Work without the prior written consent of the Author. d You agree not to sell, lease, or rent any part of the Work This does not restrict you from including the Work or any part of the Work inside a larger software distribution that itself is being sold The Work by itself, though, cannot be sold, leased or rented. e