Reciprocal Public License 1.5 (RPL1.5) Version 1.5, July 15, 2007 Copyright (C) 2001-2007 Technical Pursuit Inc., All Rights Reserved. PREAMBLE The Reciprocal Public License (RPL) is based on the concept of reciprocity or, if you prefer, fairness. In short, this license grew out of a desire to close loopholes in previous open source licenses, loopholes that allowed parties to acquire open source software and derive financial benefit from it without having to release their improvements or derivatives to the community which enabled them This occurred any time an entity did not release their application to a "third party". While there is a certain freedom in this model of licensing, it struck the authors of the RPL as being unfair to the open source community at large and to the original authors of the works in particular After all, bug fixes, extensions, and meaningful and valuable derivatives were not consistently finding their way back into the community where they could fuel further, and faster, growth and expansion of the overall open source software base. While you should clearly read and understand the entire license, the essence of the RPL is found in two definitions: "Deploy" and "Required Components". Regarding deployment, under the RPL your changes, bug fixes, extensions, etc must be made available to the open source community at large when you Deploy in any form -- either internally or to an outside party Once you start running the software you have to start sharing the software. Further, under the RPL all components you author including schemas, scripts, source code, etc -- regardless of whether they're compiled into a single binary or used as two halves of client/server application -- must be shared You have to share the whole pie, not an isolated slice of it. In addition to these goals, the RPL was authored to meet the requirements of the Open Source Definition as maintained by the Open Source Initiative (OSI). The specific terms and conditions of the license are defined in the remainder of this document. LICENSE TERMS 1.0 General; Applicability & Definitions This Reciprocal Public License Version 1.5 ("License") applies to any programs or other works as well as any and all updates or maintenance releases of said programs or works ("Software") not already covered by this License which the Software copyright holder ("Licensor") makes available containing a License Notice (hereinafter defined) from the Licensor specifying or allowing use or distribution under the terms of this License As used in this License: 1.1 "Contributor" means any person or entity who created or contributed to the creation of an Extension. 1.2 "Deploy" means to use, Serve, sublicense or distribute Licensed Software other than for Your internal Research and/or Personal Use, and includes without limitation, any and all internal use or distribution of Licensed Software within Your business or organization other than for Research and/or Personal Use, as well as direct or indirect sublicensing or distribution of Licensed Software by You to any third party in any form or manner. 1.3 "Derivative Works" as used in this License is defined under U.S copyright law. 1.4 "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data such as download from an FTP server or web site, where such mechanism is publicly accessible. 1.5 "Extensions" means any Modifications, Derivative Works, or Required Components as those terms are defined in this License. 1.6 "License" means this Reciprocal Public License. 1.7 "License Notice" means any notice contained in EXHIBIT A. 1.8 "Licensed Software" means any Software licensed pursuant to this License Licensed Software also includes all previous Extensions from any Contributor that You receive. 1.9 "Licensor" means the copyright holder of any Software previously not covered by this License who releases the Software under the terms of this License. 1.10 "Modifications" means any additions to or deletions from the substance or structure of (i) a file or other storage containing Licensed Software, or (ii) any new file or storage that contains any part of Licensed Software, or (iii) any file or storage which replaces or otherwise alters the original functionality of Licensed Software at runtime. 1.11 "Personal Use" means use of Licensed Software by an individual solely for his or her personal, private and non-commercial purposes An individual's use of Licensed Software in his or her capacity as an officer, employee, member, independent contractor or agent of a corporation, business or organization (commercial or non-commercial) does not qualify as Personal Use. 1.12 "Required Components" means any text, programs, scripts, schema, interface definitions, control files, or other works created by You which are required by a third party of average skill to successfully install and run Licensed Software containing Your Modifications, or to install and run Your Derivative Works. 1.13 "Research" means investigation or experimentation for the purpose of understanding the nature and limits of the Licensed Software and its potential uses. 1.14 "Serve" means to deliver Licensed Software and/or Your Extensions by means of a computer network to one or more computers for purposes of execution of Licensed Software and/or Your Extensions. 1.15 "Software" means any computer programs or other works as well as any updates or maintenance releases of those programs or works which are distributed publicly by Licensor. 1.16 "Source Code" means the preferred form for making modifications to the Licensed Software and/or Your Extensions, including all modules contained therein, plus any associated text, interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an executable program or other components required by a third party of average skill to build a running version of the Licensed Software or Your Extensions. 1.17 "User-Visible Attribution Notice" means any notice contained in EXHIBIT B. 1.18 "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under this License For legal entities, "You" or "Your" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, You, where "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2.0 Acceptance Of License You are not required to accept this License since you have not signed it, however nothing else grants you permission to use, copy, distribute, modify, or create derivatives of either the Software or any Extensions created by a Contributor These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License Therefore, by performing any of these actions You indicate Your acceptance of this License and Your agreement to be bound by all its terms and conditions IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE DO NOT USE, MODIFY, CREATE DERIVATIVES, OR DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE IF IT IS IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO COMPLY WITH ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE THEN YOU CAN NOT USE, MODIFY, CREATE DERIVATIVES, OR DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE. 3.0 Grant of License From Licensor Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to Licensor's intellectual property rights, and any third party intellectual property claims derived from the Licensed Software under this License, to do the following: 3.1 Use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute Licensed Software and Your Extensions in both Source Code form or as an executable program. 3.2 Create Derivative Works (as that term is defined under U.S copyright law) of Licensed Software by adding to or deleting from the substance or structure of said Licensed Software. 3.3 Under claims of patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Licensor, to make, use, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of Licensed Software or portions thereof, but solely to the extent that any such claim is necessary to enable You to make, use, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of Licensed Software or portions thereof. 3.4 Licensor reserves the right to release new versions of the Software with different features, specifications, capabilities, functions, licensing terms, general availability or other characteristics Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in and to the Licensed Software shall remain in Licensor and/or its Contributors. 4.0 Grant of License From Contributor By application of the provisions in Section 6 below, each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free , non-exclusive license, subject to said Contributor's intellectual property rights, and any third party intellectual property claims derived from the Licensed Software under this License, to do the following: 4.1 Use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute any Extensions Deployed by such Contributor or portions thereof, in both Source Code form or as an executable program, either on an unmodified basis or as part of Derivative Works. 4.2 Under claims of patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Contributor, to make, use, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of Extensions or portions thereof, but solely to the extent that any such claim is necessary to enable You to make, use, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of Licensed Software or portions thereof. 5.0 Exclusions From License Grant Nothing in this License shall be deemed to grant any rights to trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property of Licensor or any Contributor except as expressly stated herein