CERN OHL v1.1 2011-07-08 - CERN, Geneva, Switzerland CERN Open Hardware Licence v1.1 Preamble Through this CERN Open Hardware Licence ("CERN OHL") version 1.1, the Organization wishes to disseminate its hardware designs (as published on http://www.ohwr.org/) as widely as possible, and generally to foster collaboration among public research hardware designers The CERN OHL is copyright of CERN Anyone is welcome to use the CERN OHL, in unmodified form only, for the distribution of his own Open Hardware designs Any other right is reserved. 1 Definitions In this Licence, the following terms have the following meanings: \xe2\x80\x9cLicence\xe2\x80\x9d means this CERN OHL. \xe2\x80\x9cDocumentation\xe2\x80\x9d means schematic diagrams, designs, circuit or circuit board layouts, mechanical drawings, flow charts and descriptive text, and other explanatory material that is explicitly stated as being made available under the conditions of this Licence The Documentation may be in any medium, including but not limited to computer files and representations on paper, film, or any other media. \xe2\x80\x9cProduct\xe2\x80\x9d means either an entire, or any part of a, device built using the Documentation or the modified Documentation. \xe2\x80\x9cLicensee\xe2\x80\x9d means any natural or legal person exercising rights under this Licence. \xe2\x80\x9cLicensor\xe2\x80\x9d means any natural or legal person that creates or modifies Documentation and subsequently communicates to the public and/ or distributes the resulting Documentation under the terms and conditions of this Licence. A Licensee may at the same time be a Licensor, and vice versa. 2 Applicability 2.1 This Licence governs the use, copying, modification, communication to the public and distribution of the Documentation, and the manufacture and distribution of Products By exercising any right granted under this Licence, the Licensee irrevocably accepts these terms and conditions. 2.2 This Licence is granted by the Licensor directly to the Licensee, and shall apply worldwide and without limitation in time The Licensee may assign his licence rights or grant sub-licences. 2.3 This Licence does not apply to software, firmware, or code loaded into programmable devices which may be used in conjunction with the Documentation, the modified Documentation or with Products The use of such software, firmware, or code is subject to the applicable licence terms and conditions. 3 Copying, modification, communication to the public and distribution of the Documentation 3.1 The Licensee shall keep intact all copyright and trademarks notices and all notices that refer to this Licence and to the disclaimer of warranties that is included in the Documentation He shall include a copy thereof in every copy of the documentation or, as the case may be, modified Documentation, that he communicates to the public or distributes. 3.2 The Licensee may use, copy, communicate to the public and distribute verbatim copies of the Documentation, in any medium, subject to the requirements specified in section 3.1. 3.3 The Licensee may modify the Documentation or any portion thereof The Licensee may communicate to the public and distribute the modified Documentation (thereby in addition to being a Licensee also becoming a Licensor), always provided that he shall: a