SGI FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE B (Version 1.1 02/22/2000) 1 Definitions. 1.1 "Additional Notice Provisions" means such additional provisions as appear in the Notice in Original Code under the heading "Additional Notice Provisions." 1.2 "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications, or any combination thereof. 1.3 "Hardware" means any physical device that accepts input, processes input, stores the results of processing, and/or provides output. 1.4 "Larger Work" means a work that combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.5 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. 1.6 "License" means this document. 1.7 "Licensed Patents" means patent claims Licensable by SGI that are infringed by the use or sale of Original Code or any Modifications provided by SGI, or any combination thereof. 1.8 "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of the Original Code or any previous Modifications When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is: A Any addition to the contents of a file containing Original Code and/or addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing previous Modifications. B Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. 1.9 "Notice" means any notice in Original Code or Covered Code, as required by and in compliance with this License. 1.10 "Original Code" means source code of computer software code that is described in the source code Notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and updates and error corrections specifically thereto. 1.11 "Recipient" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 8 For legal entities, "Recipient" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Recipient For purposes of this definition, "control" of an entity means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to direct or manage such entity, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 1.12 "Recipient Patents" means patent claims Licensable by a Recipient that are infringed by the use or sale of Original Code or any Modifications provided by SGI, or any combination thereof. 1.13 "SGI" means Silicon Graphics, Inc. 1.14 "SGI Patents" means patent claims Licensable by SGI other than the Licensed Patents. 2 License Grant and Restrictions. 2.1 SGI License Grant Subject to the terms of this License and any third party intellectual property claims, for the duration of intellectual property protections inherent in the Original Code, SGI hereby grants Recipient a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, to do the following: (i) under copyrights Licensable by SGI, to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works from, and, to the extent applicable, display and perform the Original Code and/or any Modifications provided by SGI alone and/or as part of a Larger Work; and (ii) under any Licensable Patents, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import and/or otherwise transfer the Original Code and/or any Modifications provided by SGI Recipient accepts the terms and conditions of this License by undertaking any of the aforementioned actions