Free Art License 1.3 [ Copyleft Attitude ] Free Art License 1.3 (FAL 1.3) Preamble The Free Art License grants the right to freely copy, distribute, and transform creative works without infringing the author's rights. The Free Art License recognizes and protects these rights Their implementation has been reformulated in order to allow everyone to use creations of the human mind in a creative manner, regardless of their types and ways of expression. While the public's access to creations of the human mind usually is restricted by the implementation of copyright law, it is favoured by the Free Art License This license intends to allow the use of a work\xe2\x80\x99s resources; to establish new conditions for creating in order to increase creation opportunities The Free Art License grants the right to use a work, and acknowledges the right holder\xe2\x80\x99s and the user\xe2\x80\x99s rights and responsibility. The invention and development of digital technologies, Internet and Free Software have changed creation methods: creations of the human mind can obviously be distributed, exchanged, and transformed They allow to produce common works to which everyone can contribute to the benefit of all. The main rationale for this Free Art License is to promote and protect these creations of the human mind according to the principles of copyleft: freedom to use, copy, distribute, transform, and prohibition of exclusive appropriation. Definitions \xe2\x80\x9cwork\xe2\x80\x9d either means the initial work, the subsequent works or the common work as defined hereafter: \xe2\x80\x9ccommon work\xe2\x80\x9d means a work composed of the initial work and all subsequent contributions to it (originals and copies) The initial author is the one who, by choosing this license, defines the conditions under which contributions are made. \xe2\x80\x9cInitial work\xe2\x80\x9d means the work created by the initiator of the common work (as defined above), the copies of which can be modified by whoever wants to \xe2\x80\x9cSubsequent works\xe2\x80\x9d means the contributions made by authors who participate in the evolution of the common work by exercising the rights to reproduce, distribute, and modify that are granted by the license. \xe2\x80\x9cOriginals\xe2\x80\x9d (sources or resources of the work) means all copies of either the initial work or any subsequent work mentioning a date and used by their author(s) as references for any subsequent updates, interpretations, copies or reproductions. \xe2\x80\x9cCopy\xe2\x80\x9d means any reproduction of an original as defined by this license. 1 OBJECT The aim of this license is to define the conditions under which one can use this work freely. 2 SCOPE This work is subject to copyright law Through this license its author specifies the extent to which you can copy, distribute, and modify it. 2.1 FREEDOM TO COPY (OR TO MAKE REPRODUCTIONS) You have the right to copy this work for yourself, your friends or any other person, whatever the technique used. 2.2 FREEDOM TO DISTRIBUTE, TO PERFORM IN PUBLIC You have the right to distribute copies of this work; whether modified or not, whatever the medium and the place, with or without any charge, provided that you: attach this license without any modification to the copies of this work or indicate precisely where the license can be found, specify to the recipient the names of the author(s) of the originals, including yours if you have modified the work, specify to the recipient where to access the originals (either initial or subsequent). The authors of the originals may, if they wish to, give you the right to distribute the originals under the same conditions as the copies. 2.3 FREEDOM TO MODIFY You have the right to modify copies of the originals (whether initial or subsequent) provided you comply with the following conditions: all conditions in article 2.2 above, if you distribute modified copies; indicate that the work has been modified and, if it is possible, what kind of modifications have been made; distribute the subsequent work under the same license or any compatible license. The author(s) of the original work may give you the right to modify it under the same conditions as the copies. 3 RELATED RIGHTS Activities giving rise to author\xe2\x80\x99s rights and related rights shall not challenge the rights granted by this license. For example, this is the reason why performances must be subject to the same license or a compatible license Similarly, integrating the work in a database, a compilation or an anthology shall not prevent anyone from using the work under the same conditions as those defined in this license. 4 INCORPORATION OF THE WORK Incorporating this work into a larger work that is not subject to the Free Art License shall not challenge the rights granted by this license. If the work can no longer be accessed apart from the larger work in which it is incorporated, then incorporation shall only be allowed under the condition that the larger work is subject either to the Free Art License or a compatible license. 5 COMPATIBILITY A license is compatible with the Free Art License provided: it gives the right to copy, distribute, and modify copies of the work including for commercial purposes and without any other restrictions than those required by the respect of the other compatibility criteria; it ensures proper attribution of the work to its authors and access to previous versions of the work when possible; it recognizes the Free Art License as compatible (reciprocity); it requires that changes made to the work be subject to the same license or to a license which also meets these compatibility criteria. 6