BitTorrent Open Source License Version 1.1 This BitTorrent Open Source License (the "License") applies to the BitTorrent client and related software products as well as any updates or maintenance releases of that software ("BitTorrent Products") that are distributed by BitTorrent, Inc ("Licensor") Any BitTorrent Product licensed pursuant to this License is a Licensed Product Licensed Product, in its entirety, is protected by U.S copyright law This License identifies the terms under which you may use, copy, distribute or modify Licensed Product. Preamble This Preamble is intended to describe, in plain English, the nature and scope of this License However, this Preamble is not a part of this license The legal effect of this License is dependent only upon the terms of the License and not this Preamble. This License complies with the Open Source Definition and is derived from the Jabber Open Source License 1.0 (the "JOSL"), which has been approved by Open Source Initiative Sections 4(c) and 4(f)(iii) from the JOSL have been deleted. This License provides that: 1 You may use or give away the Licensed Product, alone or as a component of an aggregate software distribution containing programs from several different sources No royalty or other fee is required. 2 Both Source Code and executable versions of the Licensed Product, including Modifications made by previous Contributors, are available for your use (The terms "Licensed Product," "Modifications," "Contributors" and "Source Code" are defined in the License.) 3 You are allowed to make Modifications to the Licensed Product, and you can create Derivative Works from it (The term "Derivative Works" is defined in the License.) 4 By accepting the Licensed Product under the provisions of this License, you agree that any Modifications you make to the Licensed Product and then distribute are governed by the provisions of this License In particular, you must make the Source Code of your Modifications available to others free of charge and without a royalty. 5 You may sell, accept donations or otherwise receive compensation for executable versions of a Licensed Product, without paying a royalty or other fee to the Licensor or any Contributor, provided that such executable versions contain your or another Contributor's material Modifications For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent your executable version of a Licensed Product does not contain your or another Contributor's material Modifications, you may not sell, accept donations or otherwise receive compensation for such executable. You may use the Licensed Product for any purpose, but the Licensor is not providing you any warranty whatsoever, nor is the Licensor accepting any liability in the event that the Licensed Product doesn't work properly or causes you any injury or damages. 6 If you sublicense the Licensed Product or Derivative Works, you may charge fees for warranty or support, or for accepting indemnity or liability obligations to your customers You cannot charge for, sell, accept donations or otherwise receive compensation for the Source Code. 7 If you assert any patent claims against the Licensor relating to the Licensed Product, or if you breach any terms of the License, your rights to the Licensed Product under this License automatically terminate. You may use this License to distribute your own Derivative Works, in which case the provisions of this License will apply to your Derivative Works just as they do to the original Licensed Product. Alternatively, you may distribute your Derivative Works under any other OSI-approved Open Source license, or under a proprietary license of your choice