CERN Open Hardware Licence Version 2 - Strongly Reciprocal Preamble CERN has developed this licence to promote collaboration among hardware designers and to provide a legal tool which supports the freedom to use, study, modify, share and distribute hardware designs and products based on those designs Version 2 of the CERN Open Hardware Licence comes in three variants: CERN-OHL-P (permissive); and two reciprocal licences: CERN-OHL-W (weakly reciprocal) and this licence, CERN-OHL-S (strongly reciprocal). The CERN-OHL-S is copyright CERN 2020 Anyone is welcome to use it, in unmodified form only. Use of this Licence does not imply any endorsement by CERN of any Licensor or their designs nor does it imply any involvement by CERN in their development. 1 Definitions 1.1 'Licence' means this CERN-OHL-S. 1.2 'Compatible Licence' means a) any earlier version of the CERN Open Hardware licence, or b) any version of the CERN-OHL-S, or c) any licence which permits You to treat the Source to which it applies as licensed under CERN-OHL-S provided that on Conveyance of any such Source, or any associated Product You treat the Source in question as being licensed under CERN-OHL-S. 1.3 'Source' means information such as design materials or digital code which can be applied to Make or test a Product or to prepare a Product for use, Conveyance or sale, regardless of its medium or how it is expressed It may include Notices. 1.4 'Covered Source' means Source that is explicitly made available under this Licence. 1.5 'Product' means any device, component, work or physical object, whether in finished or intermediate form, arising from the use, application or processing of Covered Source. 1.6 'Make' means to create or configure something, whether by manufacture, assembly, compiling, loading or applying Covered Source or another Product or otherwise. 1.7 'Available Component' means any part, sub-assembly, library or code which: a) is licensed to You as Complete Source under a Compatible Licence; or b) is available, at the time a Product or the Source containing it is first Conveyed, to You and any other prospective licensees i) as a physical part with sufficient rights and information (including any configuration and programming files and information about its characteristics and interfaces) to enable it either to be Made itself, or to be sourced and used to Make the Product; or ii) as part of the normal distribution of a tool used to design or Make the Product. 1.8 'Complete Source' means the set of all Source necessary to Make a Product, in the preferred form for making modifications, including necessary installation and interfacing information both for the Product, and for any included Available Components If the format is proprietary, it must also be made available in a format (if the proprietary tool can create it) which is viewable with a tool available to potential licensees and licensed under a licence approved by the Free Software Foundation or the Open Source Initiative Complete Source need not include the Source of any Available Component, provided that You include in the Complete Source sufficient information to enable a recipient to Make or source and use the Available Component to Make the Product. 1.9 'Source Location' means a location where a Licensor has placed Covered Source, and which that Licensor reasonably believes will remain easily accessible for at least three years for anyone to obtain a digital copy. 1.10 'Notice' means copyright, acknowledgement and trademark notices, Source Location references, modification notices (subsection 3.3(b)) and all notices that refer to this Licence and to the disclaimer of warranties that are included in the Covered Source. 1.11 'Licensee' or 'You' means any person exercising rights under this Licence. 1.12 'Licensor' means a natural or legal person who creates or modifies Covered Source A person may be a Licensee and a Licensor at the same time. 1.13 'Convey' means to communicate to the public or distribute. 2 Applicability 2.1 This Licence governs the use, copying, modification, Conveying of Covered Source and Products, and the Making of Products By exercising any right granted under this Licence, You irrevocably accept these terms and conditions. 2.2 This Licence is granted by the Licensor directly to You, and shall apply worldwide and without limitation in time. 2.3 You shall not attempt to restrict by contract or otherwise the rights granted under this Licence to other Licensees. 2.4 This Licence is not intended to restrict fair use, fair dealing, or any other similar right. 3 Copying, modifying and Conveying Covered Source 3.1 You may copy and Convey verbatim copies of Covered Source, in any medium, provided You retain all Notices. 3.2 You may modify Covered Source, other than Notices, provided that You irrevocably undertake to make that modified Covered Source available from a Source Location should You Convey a Product in circumstances where the recipient does not otherwise receive a copy of the modified Covered Source In each case subsection 3.3 shall apply. You may only delete Notices if they are no longer applicable to the corresponding Covered Source as modified by You and You may add additional Notices applicable to Your modifications