   This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous communications, representations, understandings and agreements, either oral or written, between the parties with respect to said subject matter. The relationship of the parties hereunder is that of independent contractors, and this Agreement will not be construed as creating an agency, partnership, joint venture or any other form of legal association between the parties. If any term, condition, or provision in this Agreement is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, this Agreement will be construed in a manner that most closely effectuates the intent of this Agreement. Such invalid term, condition or provision will be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions, which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. This Agreement will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to conflict of law principles. The U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. All disputes arising out of this Agreement involving Yahoo! or any of its subsidiaries shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts of northern California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California. No rights may be assigned, no obligations may be delegated, and this Agreement may not be transferred by You, in whole or in part, whether voluntary or by operation of law, including by way of sale of assets, merger or consolidation, without the prior written consent of Yahoo!, and any purported assignment, delegation or transfer without such consent shall be void ab initio. Any waiver of the provisions of this Agreement or of a party's rights or remedies under this Agreement must be in writing to be effective. Failure, neglect or delay by a party to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or its rights or remedies at any time, will not be construed or be deemed to be a waiver of such party's rights under this Agreement and will not in any way affect the validity of the whole or any part of this Agreement or prejudice such party's right to take subsequent action.