Computer Associates Trusted Open Source License Version 1.1 PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS COMPUTER ASSOCIATES TRUSTED OPEN SOURCE LICENSE ("LICENSE") ANY USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES THE RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE. License Background Computer Associates International, Inc (CA) believes in open source We believe that the open source development approach can take appropriate software programs to unprecedented levels of quality, growth, and innovation To demonstrate our continuing commitment to open source, we are releasing the Program (as defined below) under this License. This License is intended to permit contributors and recipients of the Program to use the Program, including its source code, freely and without many of the concerns of some other open source licenses Although we expect the underlying Program, and Contributions (as defined below) made to such Program, to remain open, this License is designed to permit you to maintain your own software programs free of this License unless you choose to do so Thus, only your Contributions to the Program must be distributed under the terms of this License. The provisions that follow set forth the terms and conditions under which you may use the Program. 1 DEFINITIONS 1.1 Contribution means (a) in the case of CA, the Original Program; and (b) in the case of each Contributor (including CA), changes and additions to the Program, where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor to unaffiliated third parties A Contribution originates from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributors behalf Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (x) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (y) are not derivative works of the Program. 1.2 Contributor means CA and any other person or entity that distributes the Program. 1.3 Contributor Version means as to a Contributor, that version of the Program that includes the Contributors Contribution but not any Contributions made to the Program thereafter. 1.4 Larger Work means a work that combines the Program or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.5 Licensed Patents mean patents licensable by a Contributor that are infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program. 1.6 Original Program means the original version of the software to which this License is attached and as released by CA, including source code, object code and documentation, if any. 1.7 Program means the Original Program and Contributions. 1.8 Recipient means anyone who modifies, copies, uses or distributes the Program. 2