NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Definitions. 1.1 ``Contributor'' means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. 1.2 ``Contributor Version'' means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. 1.3 ``Covered Code'' means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.4 ``Electronic Distribution Mechanism'' means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. 1.5 ``Executable'' means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.6 ``Initial Developer'' means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required byExhibit A. 1.7 ``Larger Work'' means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.8 ``License'' means this document. 1.9 ``Modifications'' means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is: A Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. 1.10 ``Original Code'' means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required byExhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License. 1.11 ``Source Code'' means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or a list of source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.12 ``You'' means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 For legal entities, ``You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You For purposes of this definition, ``control'' means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2 Source Code License. 2.1 The Initial Developer Grant The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and sell (``Utilize'') the Original Code (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Original Code (or portions thereof) and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations. 2.2 Contributor Grant. Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: (a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Contributor, to Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations. 3 Distribution Obligations. 3.1 Application of License The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2 The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder However, You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5. 3.2 Availability of Source Code Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification has been made available to such recipients You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. 3.3 Description of Modifications You must cause all Covered Code to which you contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code. 3.4 Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims If You have knowledge that a party claims an intellectual property right in particular functionality or code (or its utilization under this License), you must include a text file with the source code distribution titled ``LEGAL'' which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your Modification available as described in Section 3.2, You shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies You make available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained. (b) Contributor APIs If Your Modification is an application programming interface and You own or control patents which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, you must also include this information in the LEGAL file. 3.5 Required Notices You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code, and this License in any documentation for the Source Code, where You describe recipients' rights relating to Covered Code If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its structure, then you must include such notice in a location (such as a relevant directory file) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer. 3.6 Distribution of Executable Versions You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer. 3.7 Larger Works You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code. 4 Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it. 5 Application of this License. This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A, and to related Covered Code. 6 Versions of the License. 6.1 New Versions Netscape Communications Corporation (``Netscape'') may publish revised and/or new versions of the License from time to time Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. 6.2 Effect of New Versions Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape No one other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this License. 6.3 Derivative Works If you create or use a modified version of this License (which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License), you must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases ``Mozilla'', ``MOZILLAPL'', ``MOZPL'', ``Netscape'', ``NPL'' or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear anywhere in your license and (b) otherwise make it clear that your version of the license contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and Netscape Public License (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN ``AS IS'' BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER. 8 TERMINATION. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 10 U.S GOVERNMENT END USERS. The Covered Code is a ``commercial item,'' as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R 2.101 (Oct 1995), consisting of ``commercial computer software'' and ``commercial computer software documentation,'' as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R 12.212 (Sept 1995) Consistent with 48 C.F.R 12.212 and 48 C.F.R 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein. 11 MISCELLANEOUS. This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable This License shall be governed by California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do business in, the United States of America: (a) unless otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes relating to this License (excepting any dispute relating to intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and binding arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration; (b) any arbitration relating to this Agreement shall be held in Santa Clara County, California, under the auspices of JAMS/EndDispute; and (c) any litigation relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License. 12 RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS. Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to comply with Section 3.4, You are responsible for damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of Your utilization of rights under this License, based on the number of copies of Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received from utilizing such rights, and other relevant factors You agree to work with affected parties to distribute responsibility on an equitable basis. AMENDMENTS Additional Terms applicable to the Netscape Public License. I Effect. These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License -- Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all Covered Code under this License. II ``Netscape's Branded Code'' means Covered Code that Netscape distributes and/or permits others to distribute under one or more trademark(s) which are controlled by Netscape but which are not licensed for use under this License. III Netscape and logo. This License does not grant any rights to use the trademark ``Netscape'', the ``Netscape N and horizon'' logo or the Netscape lighthouse logo, even if such marks are included in the Original Code. IV Inability to Comply Due to Contractual Obligation. Prior to licensing the Original Code under this License, Netscape has licensed third party code for use in Netscape's Branded Code To the extent that Netscape is limited contractually from making such third party code available under this License, Netscape may choose to reintegrate such code into Covered Code without being required to distribute such code in Source Code form, even if such code would otherwise be considered ``Modifications'' under this License. V Use of Modifications and Covered Code by Initial Developer. V.1 In General The obligations of Section 3 apply to Netscape, except to the extent specified in this Amendment, Section V.2 and V.3. V.2 Other Products Netscape may include Covered Code in products other than the Netscape's Branded Code which are released by Netscape during the two (2) years following the release date of the Original Code, without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License, and may license such additional products on different terms from those contained in this License V.3 Alternative Licensing Netscape may license the Source Code of Netscape's Branded Code, including Modifications incorporated therein, without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License, and may license such additional products on different terms from those contained in this License. VI Arbitration and Litigation. Notwithstanding the limitations of Section 11 above, the provisions regarding arbitration and litigation in Section 11(a), (b) and (c) of the License shall apply to all disputes relating to this License EXHIBIT A. "The contents of this file are subject to the Netscape Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/NPL/ Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License. The Original Code is Mozilla Communicator client code, released March 31, 1998. The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Netscape Communications Corporation Portions created by Netscape are Copyright (C) 1998 Netscape Communications Corporation All Rights Reserved. Contributor(s): ______________________________________." [NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code This is due to time constraints encountered in simultaneously finalizing the License and in preparing the Original Code for release You should use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications.] NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Contributor'' means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. 1.2 ``Covered Code'' means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.4 ``Executable'' means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.6 ``Larger Work'' means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.8 ``Modifications'' means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B ``Original Code'' means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required byExhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License. 1.11 The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.12 For legal entities, ``You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You Source Code License. 2.1 The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and sell (``Utilize'') the Original Code (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Original Code (or portions thereof) and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations. 2.2 Distribution Obligations. 3.1 The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2 You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder Availability of Source Code You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. 3.3 You must cause all Covered Code to which you contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your Modification available as described in Section 3.2, You shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies You make available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained. (b) Contributor APIs Required Notices If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer. 3.6 You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer. 3.7 You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it. 5 Versions of the License. 6.1 Netscape Communications Corporation (``Netscape'') may publish revised and/or new versions of the License from time to time Effect of New Versions You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape Derivative Works (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE TERMINATION. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION U.S 2.101 (Oct 12.212 (Sept Consistent with 48 C.F.R 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S MISCELLANEOUS. This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof This License shall be governed by California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS. Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to comply with Section 3.4, You are responsible for damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of Your utilization of rights under this License, based on the number of copies of Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received from utilizing such rights, and other relevant factors Effect. These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License -- Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all Covered Code under this License. II Netscape and logo. This License does not grant any rights to use the trademark ``Netscape'', the ``Netscape N and horizon'' logo or the Netscape lighthouse logo, even if such marks are included in the Original Code. IV To the extent that Netscape is limited contractually from making such third party code available under this License, Netscape may choose to reintegrate such code into Covered Code without being required to distribute such code in Source Code form, even if such code would otherwise be considered ``Modifications'' under this License. V In General Other Products V.3 Netscape may license the Source Code of Netscape's Branded Code, including Modifications incorporated therein, without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License, and may license such additional products on different terms from those contained in this License. VI EXHIBIT A. "The contents of this file are subject to the Netscape Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License. The Original Code is Mozilla Communicator client code, released March 31, 1998. The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Netscape Communications Corporation All Rights Reserved. Contributor(s): ______________________________________." [NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Contributor Version'' means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. 1.3 ``Executable'' means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.6 ``License'' means this document. 1.9 Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B ``Source Code'' means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or a list of source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice For legal entities, ``You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You The Initial Developer Grant Distribution Obligations. 3.1 The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute Availability of Source Code Description of Modifications Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims If Your Modification is an application programming interface and You own or control patents which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, you must also include this information in the LEGAL file. 3.5 If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code Versions of the License. 6.1 Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. 6.2 You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape If you create or use a modified version of this License (which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License), you must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases ``Mozilla'', ``MOZILLAPL'', ``MOZPL'', ``Netscape'', ``NPL'' or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear anywhere in your license and (b) otherwise make it clear that your version of the license contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and Netscape Public License THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER. 8 Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 10 2.101 (Oct 1995) 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded You agree to work with affected parties to distribute responsibility on an equitable basis. AMENDMENTS Additional Terms applicable to the Netscape Public License. I Netscape and logo. This License does not grant any rights to use the trademark ``Netscape'', the ``Netscape N and horizon'' logo or the Netscape lighthouse logo, even if such marks are included in the Original Code. IV Use of Modifications and Covered Code by Initial Developer. V.1 Other Products Alternative Licensing EXHIBIT A. "The contents of this file are subject to the Netscape Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License Portions created by Netscape are Copyright (C) 1998 Netscape Communications Corporation NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Covered Code'' means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. 1.4 ``Larger Work'' means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.8 Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.12 Source Code License. 2.1 Distribution Obligations. 3.1 You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. 3.3 Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims Required Notices You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer. 3.7 Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect Versions of the License. 6.1 Effect of New Versions Derivative Works THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU TERMINATION. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION 2.101 (Oct Consistent with 48 C.F.R MISCELLANEOUS. This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded Effect. These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License -- Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all Covered Code under this License. II To the extent that Netscape is limited contractually from making such third party code available under this License, Netscape may choose to reintegrate such code into Covered Code without being required to distribute such code in Source Code form, even if such code would otherwise be considered ``Modifications'' under this License. V Other Products Netscape may license the Source Code of Netscape's Branded Code, including Modifications incorporated therein, without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License, and may license such additional products on different terms from those contained in this License. VI See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License. The Original Code is Mozilla Communicator client code, released March 31, 1998. The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Netscape Communications Corporation NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Electronic Distribution Mechanism'' means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. 1.5 ``Modifications'' means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications ``Source Code'' means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or a list of source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice Source Code License. 2.1 Application of License Availability of Source Code You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code. 3.4 Required Notices However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code. 4 Versions of the License. 6.1 Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER. 8 THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION 1995), consisting of ``commercial computer software'' and ``commercial computer software documentation,'' as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do business in, the United States of America: (a) unless otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes relating to this License (excepting any dispute relating to intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and binding arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration; (b) any arbitration relating to this Agreement shall be held in Santa Clara County, California, under the auspices of JAMS/EndDispute; and (c) any litigation relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses Effect. These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License -- Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all Covered Code under this License. II Use of Modifications and Covered Code by Initial Developer. V.1 V.3 You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/NPL/ Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Executable'' means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code. 1.6 Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B For legal entities, ``You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You Distribution Obligations. 3.1 Availability of Source Code Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product Versions of the License. 6.1 You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 2.101 (Oct 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded Netscape and logo. This License does not grant any rights to use the trademark ``Netscape'', the ``Netscape N and horizon'' logo or the Netscape lighthouse logo, even if such marks are included in the Original Code. IV Other Products EXHIBIT A. "The contents of this file are subject to the Netscape Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Initial Developer'' means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required byExhibit A. 1.7 ``Original Code'' means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required byExhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License. 1.11 The Initial Developer Grant You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code. 3.4 If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. 6.2 (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License 2.101 (Oct Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein. 11 RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS. Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to comply with Section 3.4, You are responsible for damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of Your utilization of rights under this License, based on the number of copies of Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received from utilizing such rights, and other relevant factors Use of Modifications and Covered Code by Initial Developer. V.1 Netscape may license the Source Code of Netscape's Branded Code, including Modifications incorporated therein, without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License, and may license such additional products on different terms from those contained in this License. VI NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Larger Work'' means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. 1.8 The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.12 Distribution Obligations. 3.1 You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. 3.3 Required Notices You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect Effect of New Versions THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION Consistent with 48 C.F.R The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded To the extent that Netscape is limited contractually from making such third party code available under this License, Netscape may choose to reintegrate such code into Covered Code without being required to distribute such code in Source Code form, even if such code would otherwise be considered ``Modifications'' under this License. V Netscape may license the Source Code of Netscape's Branded Code, including Modifications incorporated therein, without such additional products becoming subject to the terms of this License, and may license such additional products on different terms from those contained in this License. VI NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``License'' means this document. 1.9 For legal entities, ``You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. 6.2 THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 10 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S You agree to work with affected parties to distribute responsibility on an equitable basis. AMENDMENTS Additional Terms applicable to the Netscape Public License. I Other Products NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Modifications'' means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications Source Code License. 2.1 Availability of Source Code Required Notices You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License Versions of the License. 6.1 (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S Effect. These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License -- Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all Covered Code under this License. II V.3 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is: A The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and sell (``Utilize'') the Original Code (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Original Code (or portions thereof) and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations. 2.2 Description of Modifications You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code. 4 You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License Consistent with 48 C.F.R You agree to work with affected parties to distribute responsibility on an equitable basis. AMENDMENTS Additional Terms applicable to the Netscape Public License. I V.3 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. B Distribution Obligations. 3.1 Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 Versions of the License. 6.1 THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU 2.101 (Oct The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded Other Products NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. 1.10 The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2 If Your Modification is an application programming interface and You own or control patents which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, you must also include this information in the LEGAL file. 3.5 You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer. 3.7 Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein. 11 To the extent that Netscape is limited contractually from making such third party code available under this License, Netscape may choose to reintegrate such code into Covered Code without being required to distribute such code in Source Code form, even if such code would otherwise be considered ``Modifications'' under this License. V NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Original Code'' means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required byExhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License. 1.11 You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 2.101 (Oct RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS. Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to comply with Section 3.4, You are responsible for damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of Your utilization of rights under this License, based on the number of copies of Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received from utilizing such rights, and other relevant factors NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``Source Code'' means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or a list of source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice Availability of Source Code However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor Versions of the License. 6.1 NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER. 8 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S Use of Modifications and Covered Code by Initial Developer. V.1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. 1.12 You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. 3.3 You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 Effect of New Versions THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 ``You'' means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 You must cause all Covered Code to which you contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor Derivative Works 1995), consisting of ``commercial computer software'' and ``commercial computer software documentation,'' as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R Netscape and logo. This License does not grant any rights to use the trademark ``Netscape'', the ``Netscape N and horizon'' logo or the Netscape lighthouse logo, even if such marks are included in the Original Code. IV NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 For legal entities, ``You'' includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 For purposes of this definition, ``control'' means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. 2 If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your Modification available as described in Section 3.2, You shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies You make available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained. (b) Contributor APIs Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code TERMINATION. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do business in, the United States of America: (a) unless otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes relating to this License (excepting any dispute relating to intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and binding arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration; (b) any arbitration relating to this Agreement shall be held in Santa Clara County, California, under the auspices of JAMS/EndDispute; and (c) any litigation relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Source Code License. 2.1 Required Notices Versions of the License. 6.1 THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION Effect. These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License -- Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all Covered Code under this License. II NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 The Initial Developer Grant If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A Each version will be given a distinguishing version number. 6.2 2.101 (Oct NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and sell (``Utilize'') the Original Code (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Original Code (or portions thereof) and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations. 2.2 You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape Consistent with 48 C.F.R NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Contributor Grant. Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: (a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code or as part of a Larger Work; and (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Contributor, to Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations. 3 You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer. 3.6 If you create or use a modified version of this License (which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License), you must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases ``Mozilla'', ``MOZILLAPL'', ``MOZPL'', ``Netscape'', ``NPL'' or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear anywhere in your license and (b) otherwise make it clear that your version of the license contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and Netscape Public License MISCELLANEOUS. This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Distribution Obligations. 3.1 You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Application of License You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER. 8 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2 You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer. 3.7 Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 10 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect 2.101 (Oct NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 However, You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5. 3.2 Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it. 5 1995) NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Availability of Source Code Versions of the License. 6.1 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification has been made available to such recipients Netscape Communications Corporation (``Netscape'') may publish revised and/or new versions of the License from time to time NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. 3.3 Effect of New Versions NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Description of Modifications You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You must cause all Covered Code to which you contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change Derivative Works NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code. 3.4 (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.) 7 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Intellectual Property Matters (a) Third Party Claims THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 If You have knowledge that a party claims an intellectual property right in particular functionality or code (or its utilization under this License), you must include a text file with the source code distribution titled ``LEGAL'' which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your Modification available as described in Section 3.2, You shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies You make available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained. (b) Contributor APIs TERMINATION. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 If Your Modification is an application programming interface and You own or control patents which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, you must also include this information in the LEGAL file. 3.5 Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive. 9 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Required Notices THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code, and this License in any documentation for the Source Code, where You describe recipients' rights relating to Covered Code NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its structure, then you must include such notice in a location (such as a relevant directory file) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer. 3.6 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Distribution of Executable Versions NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer. 3.7 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Larger Works NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code. 4 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation. If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it. 5 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Application of this License. This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A, and to related Covered Code. 6 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 Versions of the License. 6.1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1 NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.0 1